# Oxide
Oxide is a simple TUI application that stylizes images automatically! The app mainly centers around colorizing images with color palettes. Each color given or generated by Oxide is used to create a gradient (black -> color -> white) that is used to colorize an image. Often multiple gradients are used simultaneously along with all the interpolated colors between them in order to create smooth color transitions. The edited images are placed in an output directory with a modified name and all the original image metadata.

## Edit Processors
### Monochromatic
Colorizes images using a single gradient.
- Standard: The color is entered manually.
- Automatic: The color is gathered from the average color in the image.
- With Accent: An addition accent color gradient is collected from the image.

### Bichromatic
Colorizes images using two gradients.
- Standard: The color is entered manually.
- With Accent: An addition accent color gradient is collected from the image.

### Trichromatic
Colorizes images using three gradients.
- Standard: The color is entered manually.

Pre-Configured Palettes: Colorizes images using pre-configured color palettes.

## Installation
Just head over to the release page and download the binary for your platform from the latest release!
After that I recommend placing the binary in its own directory as it creates source and output folders wherever it is.
```
.
├─ binary
├─ source
└─ output
```
When these folders are created, simply place any images (jpg/jpeg/png) you want to edit in the source folder and re-launch the app or press the reset button [ESC] to re-populate the source image list. From there any image in the source directory can be edited by following the in-app instructions.
